github-364-pr: Added an index item for IBM Cloud&#174; Bare Metal (Cl… (#378)
redhat-documentation/supplementary-style-guide: supplementary_style_guide/glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/i.adoc

*See also*: xref:paas[PaaS], xref:saas[SaaS]

[[ibm-cloud-bare-metal]]

> ==== image:images/yes.png[yes] IBM Cloud® Bare Metal (Classic)

Reviewer: Missing "(noun)"

Author: Thanks. I keep forgetting about this part. The construction will now display as `IBM Cloud® Bare Metal (Classic) (noun)`. Are the two sets of parentheses OK?

Reviewer: I think it's not great, but I don't think there's anything we can do about it, if the the item in parentheses is part of the term. I think we have at least one other entry that does this as well.

> *Description*: _IBM Cloud® Bare Metal (Classic)_ represents a platform where a customer can run an OpenShift Container Platform cluster on an IBM bare-metal server. Ensure that "IBM Cloud®" precedes "Bare Metal (Classic)". On first use, mark "IBM Cloud" Bare Metal (Classic) with a registered trademark icon (®).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Description*: _IBM Cloud® Bare Metal (Classic)_ refers to a platform where a customer can run an OpenShift Container Platform cluster on an IBM bare-metal server. Ensure that "IBM Cloud®" precedes "Bare Metal (Classic)". On first use, mark "IBM Cloud" Bare Metal (Classic) with a registered trademark icon (®).
```
Nitpick: Maybe "refers to" is a bit more accurate than "represents" here?

Author: Thank you. A worthy nit :). Updated!
